If you had a time machine, what would you use it for?
What's the strangest thing you've randomly seen while out in public?
What countries have you traveled to and what were your favorite things there?
What countries would you like to travel to someday and why?
What's the nicest thing a stranger has done for you?
What's the most important thing you look for in a partner?
What advice did you regret ignoring?
Cold or lukewarm water?
Dogs or cats and why?
What do you usually do in your free time?
What's something that you really like but you don't get to talk about a lot?
What are two of the most embarrassing things you've done?
What weird habits do you have?
If you had an infinite amount of money, what would you do?
You've just become the president of the US. What's the first thing you do?
What are your favorite and least favorite things about the internet?
What's your go-to way to get rid of stress?
What is something you're obsessed with?
What three words best describe you?
What’s the most useful thing you own?
Do you have any pets?
What's a weirdly unknown fact that never leaves your head?
What music genre do you absolutely not understand?
What's your favorite music genre?
What were you really into when you were a kid?
Are you a very organized person?
Have you ever given a presentation in front of a lot of people?
What's a really annoying habit someone can have?
What are your go-to curse words?
What smell brings back great memories?
What are you best at?
What's a weird thing that gets you really mad?
What is the most useful app on your phone?
Do you text more or call more?
What do you wish your phone could do?
What is the most comfortable piece of clothing you own?
What's your favorite season?
What do you think of online education?
If time froze for everyone but you for a whole day, what would you do?
If a portal leading to another world opened up in front of you, would you go through it or not?
What skill do you want to master?
What are some things you’ve had to unlearn?